[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WE THE BEST MUSIC.
DON'T EVER PLAY IT
ANOTHER ONE. I AM.
♪ DJ KHALED
YEAH WE ON AND
WE GOIN' CRAZY
CRAZY GO ♪
♪ OH-OH-OH-WAY-OH
SAID WE ON AND
WE GOIN' CRAZY
♪ ONLY LIVE ONE LIF
CAME UP BY YOUR SIDE
JUST MIGHT
FASHION KILLA NO KNIFE ♪
♪ MURDER MURDER YEA
I WRIT
LONG ROAD WE ON ON
OH YEAH YEAH WE HIGH ♪
♪ CAN'T HAVE NO LAM
UP OUR VIB
WE GOIN' CRAZY ♪
OH I KNOW THAT YOU
ONLYFANS ♪
♪ RUN IT UP RUN-RUN IT UP
WE NEED MANY BANDS
MANY BANDS
WHEN I'M TALKIN' BANDS ♪
♪ YEAH WE ON AN
WE GOIN' CRAZY
CRAZY GO
OH-OH-OH-WAY-OH ♪
♪ SAID WE ON AN
WE GOIN' CRAZY
CRAZY WOO WOO WOO WOO GO
YEAH WE ON AND ♪
♪♪
♪ WE GOIN' CRAZ
YEAH WE ON AND ♪
>> WE THE BEST MUSIC
AVAILABLE NOW. NUMBER ONE ON
BILLBOARDS
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR
GRADUATION
I LOVE YOU
I'M GOING TO DO IT FOR MY FAMILY
FOREVER.
THAT'S MY MAMA
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> I SAY WE CRAZY. WE VERY
CRAZY.
>> FROM MICROSOFT THEATERS. IT'S
THE 2021 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS
WITH PERFORMANCES BY AJR
ALICIA KEYS.
BAD BUNNY.
BTS.
DURAN DURAN.
BLACK ANIMALS.
JONAS BROTHERS
CAROL G.
MARSHMELLO
PINK
THE WEEKND
21 PILOTS.
PLUS DOJA CAT.
SPECIAL MOMENT IN MINNEAPOLIS
WITH JIMMY AND JERRY LEWIS
ANN NESBY PERFORMS THE SOUNDS OF
BLACKNESS.
JOHN BON JOVI PRESENTS AN ICON
AWARD TO PINK.
THE BILLBOARD CHANGE MAKER
AWARDS AND THE SPECIAL
CELEBRATION. ARTIST OF THE
DECADE
>>> AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME YOUR
HOST. NICK JONAS
>> WELCOME TO THE BILLBOARD
MUSIC AWARDS
IT IS NO SECRET THIS LAST YEAR
HAS BEEN AN INSANE ROLLER
COASTER RIDE
BUT I THINK ALL OF US ARE
FEELING A LOT MORE OPTIMISTIC
LATELY
HOW GREAT IS IT TO BE BACK
TOGETHER AGAIN
NOW. LISTEN. WE ARE LIVE AND
THERE IS A CROWD TO SEE OUR
PERFORMANCES
WE ARE ABLE TO DO THAT BECAUSE
WE'RE MAKING SURE TO FOLLOW ALL
THE PROPER COVID HEALTH AND
SAFETY PROTOCOLS
THIS WAY WE CAN ALL ENJOY WHAT
PROMISES TO BE A FUN
CELEBRATION. THE VERY BEST MUSIC
AND ARTISTS OF THE PAST YEAR
NOW. THIS IS MY FIRST TIME
HOSTING THE SHOW. AND I CAN'T
THINK OF A BETTER PLACE TO DO IT
BECAUSE WE HAVE LITERALLY TAKEN
OVER L.A. LIVE. AND WE'RE GOING
TO BE HERE ON THE PLAZA ON THE
OUTDOOR STAGE AND INSIDE THE
MICROSOFT THEATER.
IN FACT. LET'S HEAD INSIDE RIGHT
NOW FOR OUR NEXT PERFORMANCE
>>> AND NOW WE ARE ABOUT TO SEE
ONE OF THE MANY GREAT
PERFORMANCES COMING TO YOU FROM
INSIDE THIS THEATER TONIGHT.
OF XFINITY GIVES YOU A WAY
BETTER WAY TO WATCH THIS NEXT
PERFORMER DOJA CAT WHOSE HIGH
ENERGY TALENT IS A MUST-SEE
SPECTACLE.
ARE YOU READY?
FROM THE XFINITY STAGE LET'S
GIVE IT UP FOR DOJA CAT
FEATURING FIZZA.
♪♪
♪ WE HUG AN
YES. WE MAKE LOV
AND ALWAYS JUST SAY GOODNIGH
♪ AND WE CUDDLE
SURE I DO LOVE I
BUT I NEED
YOUR LIPS ON MINE ♪
♪ CAN YOU KISS ME MORE?
WE'RE SO YOUNG
BOY. WE AIN'T GO
NOTHIN' TO LOSE ♪
♪ UH-OH
IT'S JUST PRINCIPLE ♪
♪ BABY. HOLD ME
'CAUSE I LIK
THE WAY WE MOV
UH-OH ♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
♪ I. I FEEL LIK
CUFFIN' SOMETHIN
BUT WE COULD
BE CORNY. OKAY ♪
♪ SUGAR. I AIN'
NO DUMMY. DUMM
I LIKE TO SAY.
"WHAT IF?" ♪
♪ BUT IF WE COULD KIS
AND JUST CUT THE RUBBISH
THEN I MIGHT B
ONTO SOMETHIN' ♪
♪ I AIN'T GIVIN' YO
ONE IN PUBLI
I'M GIVIN' YOU HUNDRED
COME GET IT ♪
♪ SOMETHIN' WE JUST
GOTTA GET INTO ♪
♪ SIGN FIRST. MIDDLE. LAS
ON THE WISDOM TOOT
AND THEY WISHIN' THA
THE COOKIE WAS A KISSIN' BOOTH ♪
♪ TASTE BREAKFAST. LUNCH.
AND GIN AND JUICE ♪
♪ AND THAT DINNER
JUST LIKE DESSERT TO
AND WHEN WE FRENCH
REFRESH. GIMME TWO ♪
♪ WHEN I BITE THAT LIP.
COME GET ME TOO ♪
♪ HE WANT LIPSTICK.
LIP GLOSS.
HICKEYS TOO. HUH
♪ CAN YOU KISS ME MORE?
WE'RE SO YOUNG
BOY. WE AIN'T GO
NOTHIN' TO LOSE ♪
♪ UH-OH
IT'S JUST PRINCIPLE ♪
♪ BABY. HOLD ME
'CAUSE I LIK
THE WAY WE MOV
UH-OH ♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
♪ SAY GIVE ME A BUCK.
NEED THAT GUSHY STUF
PUSH THE LIMIT. NO
YOU AIN'T GOOD ENOUG
♪ ALL YOUR FELLAS SAY
THAT YOU LOST WITHOUT ME
ALL MY SHORTIES FEEL
LIKE I DODGED THE COUNTY ♪
♪ CUFFIN' WITH YO
FEEL LIKE JAIL. BUDD
I CAN'T EVEN
EXHALE. BUDDY ♪
♪ COOKIE LIKE HOLY GRAIL.
YOU KNOW THA
YOU GON' MAKE ME NEED BAIL
YOU KNOW THAT ♪
YOU AINT EVEN HALF MAN
LYIN' ON YOU
YOU KNOW THAT ♪
♪ GOT ME A BA
FULL OF BRICK.
YOU KNOW THAT ♪
♪ CONTROL. DON'T SLOW
THE PACE IF
THROW BACK ♪
♪ ALL THIS CASH FOR REAL. A
DRAMA MAKE YOU FEEL. A
FANTASY AND WHIP APPEA
IS ALL I CAN GIVE YOU ♪
♪♪
♪ CAN YOU KISS ME MORE?
WE'RE SO YOUNG
BOY. WE AIN'T GO
NOTHIN' TO LOSE ♪
♪ UH-OH
IT'S JUST PRINCIPLE ♪
♪ BABY. HOLD ME
'CAUSE I LIK
THE WAY Y MOVE
UH-OH ♪
♪ OH. DARLING ♪
♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
OH. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
♪ BOY. YOU WRITE YOU NAME
I CAN DO THE SAM
OH. I LOVE THE TASTE
OH. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA ♪
♪ ALL ON MY TONGU
I WANT IT ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> ANOTHER INCREDIBLE
PERFORMANCE AND WE'RE ONLY TEN
MINUTES IN. PEOPLE
THANKS TO XFINITY FOR GIVING US
A WAY BETTER WAY TO WATCH.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR THE FIRST
AWARD OF THE NIGHT
HE'S AN AMAZING COMEDIAN AND THE
HOST OF NBC'S SMALL FORTUNE.
PLEASE WELCOME HOWIE
>> HEY. WHAT'S GOING ON.
EVERYBODY?
THIS IS CRAZY.
PEOPLE BE HAPPY. RIGHT
I'M NOT MAKING THIS UP
NOW. LOOK. I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
THINKING
WHAT A YEAR IT HAS BEEN FOR ME
I GOT GLENN CLOSE TO DO THE BUTT
AT THE OSCARS. COME ON
EVERYBODY SAYS NOW WHEN I DO THE
AWARDS SHOWS THAT'S WHAT THEY
WANT ME TO DO TO EVERYBODY
IF I SEE BARBARA STRANGE. I'LL
SEE IF SHE'LL DO THE TOOTSY
ROLL
WE'LL SEE WHAT HAPPENS
I'M EXCITED BECAUSE I'M
PRESENTING THE TOP 100 ARTISTS
AT THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
NOW. LOOK. NOT ONLY DID ALL FIVE
OF THESE FINALISTS GIVE US SOME
IS AMAZING MUSIC IN THE PAST
YEAR. BUT I BEST BELIEVE GLENN
CLOSE WAS DANCING ALSO
EACH OF THESE ARTISTS ARE HERE
AND -- LOOK. JUST SHOW THEM WHO
IT IS.
>> OKAY. THERE GO THAT BABY.
HE'S BACK NOW.
>> DaBABY.
♪♪
>> DRAKE
>> DUA LIPA.
♪♪
>> POP SMOKE
>> THE WEEKND.
♪♪
>> ALL RIGHT
AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO THE WEEKND
♪♪
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> THANK YOU
THANK YOU.
UM. FIRST AND FOREMOST. I'D LIKE
TO THANK MY FELLOW NOMINEES.
IT'S BEEN A DARK YEAR AND YOU
BROUGHT LIGHT AND ESCAPE WITH
YOUR MUSIC. GENIUS. BRILLIANCE.
AND YOU DESERVE THIS AWARD JUST
AS MUCH AS I DO. IF NOT MORE
I WANT TO THANK MY TEAM. LAMAR.
CASH. SAL. WOULD NOT BE HERE
WITHOUT THEM
I'D LIKE TO THANK MY FANS. OF
COURSE
GIVE IT UP FOR MY FANS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I'D LIKE TO THANK MY FAMILY BACK
HOME IN TORONTO.
AND. YEAH. I'D LIKE TO THANK GOD
THAT I DON'T HAVE TO WEAR THAT
RED SUIT ANY MORE.
THANK YOU.
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> COMING UP NEXT. TWENTY ONE
PILOTS
THEN LATER PERFORMANCES BY
ALICIA KEYS. AJR
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WELCOME BACK
OUR NEXT PERFORMERS HAVE WON
SEVEN BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS AND
ARE MULTIPLE FINALISTS THIS
YEAR
THEIR NEW SONG. "SHY AWAY." IS
ABOUT AN OLDER BROTHER'S ADVICE
TO A YOUNGER BROTHER
SOMETHING I KNOW A LITTLE ABOUT.
AND HERE WITH "SHY AWAY."
WELCOME 21 PILOTS.
♪♪
♪ WHEN I GET HOME
YOU BETTER NOT BE THER
WE'RE PLACING BETS YOU
WON'T SHED YOUR MODESTY ♪
♪ AND THE ONLY THING TO
LEAVE BEHIND I
YOUR OWN SKI
ON THE FLOOR ♪
♪ DON'T YOU
SHY AWAY
AH
MANIFEST A CEILING ♪
♪ WHEN YOU SHY AWAY
AH
SEARCHING FOR THAT FEELING
JUST LIKE AN I LOVE YOU ♪
♪ OOH OOH
THAT ISN'T WORDS
OH O
LIKE A SONG HE WROTE ♪
♪ THAT'S NEVER HEAR
DON'T YOU ♪
♪♪
♪ WHEN YOU GET HOME
YOU BARELY RECOGNIZE
THE PICTURES THE
PUT IN A FRAME ♪
♪ CAUSE YOU SHE
YOUR MODESTY
DON'T CIRCLE THE TRACK
TAKE WHAT YOU HAVE ♪
♪ AND LEAVE YOUR SKIN
ON THE FLOOR
DON'T YO
SHY AWAY ♪
♪ A
MANIFEST A CEILING
WHEN YOU SHY AWA
AH ♪
♪ SEARCHING FOR THAT FEELIN
JUST LIKE AN I LOVE YO
OOH OO
THAT ISN'T WORDS ♪
♪ OH OH
LIKE A SONG HE WROTE
THAT'S NEVER HEARD
WHEN I GET HOME ♪
♪ BOY YOU BETTE
NOT BE THERE
YOU'RE LONG GONE
SHED YOUR MODESTY ♪
♪ DON'T CIRCLE THE TRAC
JUST BREAK THE
CYCLE IN HAL
AND LEAVE YOUR SKIN ♪
♪ ON THE FLOO
DON'T YO
SHY AWAY
AH ♪
SEARCHING FOR THAT FEELING ♪
♪ JUST LIKE AN I LOVE YOU
OOH OO
THAT ISN'T WORDS
OOH OOH ♪
♪ LIKE A SONG HE WROT
THAT'S NEVER HEARD
NO. IT'S NEVER HEARD ♪
♪♪
♪ AN I LOVE YOU
THAT ISN'T WORDS
LIKE A SONG HE WROTE
THAT'S NEVER HEARD ♪
♪ DON'T YOU SHY AWAY ♪
♪♪
WE GOT A NEW ALBUM
IT'S OUT NOW
GO CHECK IT OUT.
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: SHE'S AN ACTRESS.
AN ACTIVIST. AND AN AUTHOR. WITH
A NEW BOOK "SHADY BABY."
PLEASE WELCOME GABRIELLE UNION
>> THE BILLBOARD AWARD FOR TOP
SELLING SONG WAS FIRST GIVEN
IN 2016.
AMONG THE PAST WINNERS ARE NAMES
LIKE ADELE. LUIS FONSI.
MAROON 5. AND LIL NAS X.
IT JUST SHOWS THAT THIS AWARD
AND THE ARTISTS IT HONORS COME
FROM EVERY TYPE AND STYLE OF
MUSIC.
HERE ARE THIS YEAR'S FINALISTS
>> Announcer: GABBY BARRETT
FEATURING CHARLIE PUTH --
"I HOPE.
♪♪
BTS -- "DYNAMITE."
CARDI B FEATURING
MEGAN THEE STALLION -- "WAP.
♪♪
MEGAN THEE STALLION FEATURING
BEYONCE -- "SAVAGE."
♪♪
THE WEEKND -- "BLINDING LIGHTS."
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
"DYNAMITE" -  BTS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THIS HAS ALREADY BEEN A BIG
NIGHT FOR BTS.
THEY WON TOP DUO GROUP
LET'S HEAD TO SEOUL. SOUTH
KOREA. FOR BTS
>> WE ARE BTS.
THANK YOU FOR THE TOP-SELLING
SONG AWARD. WHICH IS AMAZING AND
HUGE
IT'S REALLY AN HONOR TO BE THE
WINNER OF SUCH A SIGNIFICANT
TITLE.
WE WANT TO SHARE SOME FRESH
ENERGY WITH EVERYONE THROUGH
"DYNAMITE.
WE THINK THIS AWARD. WE ACHIEVED
THAT GOAL.
A BIG THANK YOU. I LOVE YOU. AND
BLESS.
>> THANK YOU FOR LOVING OUR
MUSIC.
THANK YOU FOR THE AWARD WE WON
>> THANK YOU
>> UP NEXT. 20 YEARS AFTER SONGS
IN A-MINOR. ALICIA KEYS TAKES
THE STAGE TO PERFORM FROM THE
LEGENDARY ALBUM.
THIN LATER AJR. PINK. AND THE
TO
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WE'RE HERE AT THE 2020 -- 21
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS
IT IS SO GOOD TO HEAR AN
AUDIENCE AGAIN
WHEN SHE WAS ONLY 19. ALICIA
KEYS INTRODUCED HER SELF TO THE
WORLD WITH THE RELEASE OF HER
FIRST ALBUM. "SONGS IN A MINOR.
IT PUT HER ON THE MAP.
IT WAS THE FIRST STOP ON HER
REMARKABLE JOURNEY
SINCE HER RIDE. ALICIA KEYS HAS
DEDICATED HERSELF TO MAKING A
DIFFERENCE BEYOND THE STAGE AND
HER POWERFUL MUSIC AND ACTIVISM
HAVE INSPIRED SO MANY PEOPLE
AROUND THE WORLD
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE ARTIST
AND THE ALBUM THAT STARTED IT
ALL.
>> Announcer: THE FIRST TIME YOU
HEARD "FALLIN'" FROM 2001'S
"SONGS IN A MINOR." IT WAS
INSTANTLY YOU KNEW IT WAS A
SOUND LIKE YOU HAD NOT HEARD
BEFORE
IT EARNED A SPOT ON THE HIT
SONGS OF THE DECADE.
SHE INSPIRED AN UNFORGETTABLE
CULTURAL WAVE.
SHE IS THE NUMBER ONE RRIA
CERTIFIEDER FEMALE ARTIST OF THE
MILLENNIUM
THE EMBODIMENT OF INNOVATION.
VERSATILITY. CONNECTION.
HUMILITY. CREATIVITY. STRENGTH
AND COMPASSION
>> I REMEMBER WHAT IT FELT LIKE
TO HEAR THE SONG "FALLEN" FOR
THE FIRST TIME
IT WAS EDGY AND SOULFUL.
GRACEFUL YET RAW
THIS YOUNG SINGER WAS TAKING US
TO CHURCH AND TO THE SYMPHONY
AND TO A CANDLE LIGHT DINNER AND
COUPLES THERAPY AND EVERYWHERE
ELSE. ALL IN A LITTLE MORE THAN
THREE MINUTES.
I KNEW RIGHT THEN AND THERE THAT
THIS WOULDN'T BE THE LAST WE'D
HEAR FROM ALICIA KEYS.
AND IN THE YEARS SINCE. SHE'S
AMAZED US AGAIN AND AGAIN IN SO
MANY WAYS.
ALICIA IS NOT JUST AN ARTIST
SHE'S ALSO AN ADVOCATE FOR WOMEN
AND FAMILIES AROUND THE WORLD.
A LEADER ON SOCIAL JUSTICE
A WIFE
A MENTOR
A MOTHER
BUT MOST OF ALL. SHE IS HERSELF.
ALWAYS THOUGHTFUL. ALWAYS
HOPEFUL. ALWAYS ALICIA
AND IN BEARING HER TRUE SELF.
SHE CALLS US ALL TO DO THE SAME
IN OUR OWN LIVES. AND FOR EACH
OTHER.
ALICIA. YOU ARE SUCH A SHINING
LIGHT.
SUCH A SINGULAR FORCE.
YOU INSPIRE ME AND MY DAUGHTERS
AND MILLIONS OF FANS ALL AROUND
THE WORLD.
AND THAT'S WHY I COULDN'T BE
MORE EXCITED TO INTRODUCE TO YOU
ALL THE ONE AND ONLY ALICIA
KEYS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>> DO YOU KNOW MY NAME
DO YOU KNOW MY NAME.
ALWAYS GOT TO TRY.
NO MATTER HOW LONG THAT TAKE
YEAH YEAH.
THIS IS AMAZING.
♪♪
>> SO MUCH IS DIFFERENT.
BUT SO MUCH OF ME IS STILL THE
SAME
AND I REMEMBER WHEN THEY DOUBTED
ME
THEY MIGHT DOUBT YOU TOO. BUT WE
GON FLIP IT.
♪♪
AND NOW I GOT ALL THIS WISDOM
AND I'M NEVER LEAVING THE KEYS
CAUSE I KNOW MY WORTH NOW.
WE KNOW OUR WORTH NOW.
SING
♪ CAUSE A REAL MA
KNOWS A REAL WOMAN
WHEN HE SEES HER
AND A REAL WOMAN ♪
♪ KNOWS A REAL MA
AIN'T AFRAID TO PLEASE HER
AND A REAL WOMAN
KNOWS A REAL MAN ♪
♪ ALWAYS COMES FIRS
AND A REAL MAN
JUST CAN'T DEN
A WOMAN'S WORTH ♪
YEAH. UM-HMM
NA-NA-NA
YOU GOT TO SHOW US YOUR POWER
♪♪
>> SEE THE THING ABOUT WHEN YOU
KNOW YOUR WORTH.
CAN'T NOBODY TAKE IT FROM YOU.
SO EVEN WHEN YOU ON THE PHONE
CALLING THAT PERSON YOU LIKE AND
IT'S RINGING --
[ PHONE RINGS
YOU'RE WONDERING. WAIT. ARE THEY
GOING TO PICK UP THE PHONE
YOU'RE NOT PICKING UP THE PHONE
FOR ME
♪ U
I KEEP YOUR PICTUR
BESIDE MY BED MM
I STILL REMEMBER ♪
♪ EVERYTHIN
YOU SAID MMM
HEY YEAH
ALWAYS THOUGHT OUR LOVE ♪
♪ WAS SO RIGH
I GUESS I WAS WRON
ALWAYS THOUGHT YOU'D B
BY MY SIDE PAPA ♪
♪ NOW YOU'RE GONE
AND I'M NOT TRYN
HEAR THA
ALL I WANT TO KNOW BABY ♪
♪ IF WHAT WE HAD WAS GOOD
HOW COME YOU DON'T CALL ME
HE
HOW COME YOU DON'T CALL ME ♪
♪ OH NO N
HOW COME YOU DON'T CALL ME
CALL ME BABY ANYMORE
CALL ME NO MORE ♪
♪ JUST SPEAK YOUR TRUTH
♪♪
♪ I KEEP ON FALLIN'
IN AND OUT OF LOVE
WITH YOU ♪
♪ SOMETIMES I LOVE YA
SOMETIMES YOU MAKE ME BLUE
SOMETIMES I FEEL GOO
AT TIMES I FEEL USED ♪
♪ LOVIN' YOU DARLIN
MAKES ME SO CONFUSED
I KEEP ON FALLIN
IN AND OUT ♪
♪ OF LOVE WITH YO
I NEVER LOVED SOMEON
THE WAY THAT I
LOVE YOU ♪
♪ NOW BABY ♪
I'M I'M I'M I'M FALLIN
FALL ♪
♪ I KEEP ON FALLIN'
IN AND OUT
OF LOVE WITH YOU
I NEVER LOVED SOMEONE ♪
♪ THE WAY THAT I LOVE YOU
I'M FALLIN' IN AND OUT
OF LOVE WITH YOU
I NEVER LOVED SOMEONE ♪
♪ THE WAY THAT
LOVE YOU ♪
P
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: AND NOW. FROM
"GIRLS5EVA" ON PEACOCK. PLEASE
WELCOME. TONY AWARD WINNING
ACTRESS. RENEE ELISE GOLDSBERRY.
>> EACH OF THESE ARTISTS HAVE
BROKEN BILLBOARD 200 RECORDS
WITH CHART-TOPPING HITS.
THEIR INCREDIBLE MUSIC HAS
SHAPED COUNTRY MUSIC. PUSHING IT
IN NEW DIRECTIONS.
HERE ARE THE FINALISTS FOR
TOP COUNTRY FEMALE ARTIST.
>> Announcer: GABBY BARRETT.
♪♪
MAREN MORRIS
CARRIE UNDERWOOD
♪♪
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
GABBY BARRETT.
♪♪
♪ HE'S ONE OF THE GOOD ONES ♪
♪ AND HE'S ALL MINE ♪
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH
OH. MY GOSH!
I'M GOING TO TRY TO KEEP IT
TOGETHER THE BEST I CAN.
OKAY. OH. MY GOSH.
THIS IS A REALLY BIG DEAL.
THANK Y'ALL SO MUCH.
THIS MEANS SO MUCH TO ME
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
IT MEANS SO MUCH TO ME
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO MY TEAM
I'VE BEEN PERFORMING FOR TEN
YEARS REALLY HARD.
MY DAD. MY SISTER ARE HERE. AND
WE WORKED SO HARD TO GET HERE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO EVERYBODY
THANK YOU TO THE LORD JESUS.
THANK YOU. LORD. FOR EVERYTHING.
THANK YOU. MY HUSBAND AND MY
SWEET DAUGHTERS BACK HOME
WATCHING
THANK YOU TO MY FAMILY. DAD.
SILS
SISTER. EVERYONE THAT SUPPORTED
ME COMING UP. MY LABEL. MY TEAM.
TOM AND BROOK. YOU'RE THE BEST
THE MUSIC INDUSTRY
SERIOUSLY. THANK YOU GUYS SO
MUCH
I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO MESS UP MY
MAKEUP
BUT SERIOUSLY. THANK YOU GUYS SO
MUCH
YOU MAKE DREAMS COME TRUE.
THIS HAS CHANGED MY LIFE
FOREVER.
I'VE NEVER DONE THIS BEFORE.
I GOT A NOTE CARD.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
THANK YOU.
YES!
>> HOLD ON A MINUTE. GABBY
THIS HAS BEEN A BIG NIGHT FOR
YOU. GABBY
WAIT ONE SECOND.
NOT ONLY DID YOU JUST WIN THE
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD FOR TOP
COUNTRY FEMALE ARTIST --
>> OH. GOSH.
>> I GET TO TELL YOU THAT YOU
WON THE AWARD FOR TOP COUNTRY
SONG
>> HEY
>> CONGRATULATIONS. GABBY.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SAY NOW?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
THANK YOU!
>> JUST AHEAD. MORE MUSIC AWARD
TOP NOMINATED AJR.
THEN LATER JOHN BON JOVI
PRESENTS THE ICON AWARD TO PINK.
FOLL
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WE'RE BACK AT THE
2021 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS.
AND I'VE GOT TO SAY. I AM HAVING
A VERY GOOD TIME
HOW ABOUT YOU GUYS
IT'S GOOD TO HEAR THIS CROWD
I CAN'T GET ENOUGH
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING
I HAVEN'T LEFT MY HOUSE IN
ALMOST A YEAR AND A HALF AND NOW
WE HAVE THIS WONDERFUL CROWD
PLEASE WELCOME A DIGITAL STAR
"DUMB BOY.
OUT NOW. HERE IS DIXIE D'AMELIO.
>> OUR NEXT PERFORMERS ARE
FINALISTS TONIGHT FOR TOP GROUP
AND TOP ROCK ARTIST.
AND THESE THREE BROTHERS ARE
PROOF THAT YOU CAN MAKE GREAT
MUSIC ANYWHERE BECAUSE THEY
CREATED THEIR LATEST ALBUM IN
THEIR LIVING ROOM.
WITH "BANG!" AND "WAY LESS SAD."
HERE IS A J R!
♪♪
♪ I GET UP I GET DOWN
AND I'M JUMPING AROUND
AND THE RUMPUS AND RUCKU
ARE COMFORTABLE NOW ♪
♪ BEEN A HELL OF A RIDE
BUT I'M THINKING IT'
TIME TO GROW
SO I GOT AN APARTMENT ♪
♪ ACROSS FROM THE PAR
PUT QUINOA IN MY FRIDG
STILL I'M NO
FEELING GROWN ♪
♪ BEEN A HELL OF A RIDE
BUT I'M THINKING IT'
TIME TO GO
HERE WE GO
SO PUT YOUR BEST ♪
♪ FACE ON EVERYBODY
PRETEND YOU KNOW THI
SONG EVERYBODY
COME HANG ♪
♪ LET'S GO OUT WITH A BAN
BANG BANG BANG
I'M WAY TOO YOUN
TO LIE HERE FOREVER ♪
♪ I'M WAY TOO OLD
TO TRY SO WHATEVER
COME HAN
LET'S GO OUT WITH A BANG ♪
♪ BANG BANG BAN
FEEL LIKE I'M GONNA PUKE
CAUSE MY TAXES ARE DUE
DO MY PASSWORD BEGIN ♪
♪ WITH A ONE OR A TWO
BEEN A HELL OF A RID
BUT I'M THINKING IT'
TIME TO GROW ♪
♪ MAN I'M UP TO SOMETHING
OO-DEE-LA-DEE-DO
THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING
I HOPE YOU LIKE THE SHOW ♪
♪ CAUSE IT'S ON A BUDGE
SO OO-DEE-LA-DEE-DOE
YEAH COME ON HERE WE G
YEAH COME ON ♪
♪ HERE WE G
SO PUT YOUR BEST
FACE ON EVERYBOD
PRETEND YOU KNOW THIS ♪
♪ SONG EVERYBOD
COME HAN
LET'S GO OUT WITH A BANG
BANG BANG BANG ♪
♪ I'M WAY TOO YOUNG
TO LIE HERE FOREVE
I'M WAY TOO OL
TO TRY SO WHATEVER ♪
♪ COME HANG
LET'S GO OUT WITH A BANG
BANG BANG BANG
HERE WE GO ♪
♪♪
>> BILLBOARD. THERE'S OUR DAD.
♪ DON'T YOU LOVE IT
DON'T YOU LOVE I
NO I AIN'T HAPPY YET
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD ♪
♪ DON'T YOU LOVE IT
DON'T YOU LOVE I
NO I AIN'T HAPPY YET
♪ BUT I'M WAY LESS SA
I SHOULD MOV
CAUSE NEW YORK I
GETTING MUDDY OUT ♪
♪ THERE'S L.A
BUT IT'S ALWAY
KINDA SUNNY OU
AND I DON'T WANNA ♪
♪ HURT NO MOR
SO I SET MY BAR REAL LOW
I'M A-OKAY
I'M A-OKAY ♪
♪ YOU SAY IT BUT YO
JUST DON'T MEAN IT
YOU'RE SO INSANE
YOU'RE SO INSANE ♪
♪ SHUT UP AND JUS
ENJOY THIS FEELING
DON'T YOU LOVE I
DON'T YOU LOVE IT ♪
♪ NO I AIN'T HAPPY YE
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD
DON'T YOU LOVE I
DON'T YOU LOVE IT ♪
♪ NO I AIN'T HAPPY YE
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD
HEY HEY HE
HEY HEY HEY ♪
♪ HEY HEY HEY
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD
HEY HEY HE
HEY HEY HEY ♪
♪ HEY HEY HEY
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD
♪♪
WELL I CAN'T FALL ASLEEP
AND I'M LOSING MY MIND ♪
♪ CAUSE IT'S HALF PAST THRE
AND MY BRAIN'S ON FIRE
I BEEN COUNTING SHEE
BUT THE SHEEP ALL DIED ♪
♪ AND I'M TRYING TOO HARD
BUT I CAN'T NOT TR
WELL I CAN'T FALL ASLEEP
AND I'M LOSING MY MIND ♪
♪ CAUSE IT'S HALF PAST THRE
AND MY BRAIN'S ON FIRE
BRAINS ON FIRE
I BEEN COUNTING SHEEP ♪
♪ BUT THE SHEEP ALL DIE
AND I'M NOT DEAD YET
SO I GUESS I'LL BE ALRIGHT
DON'T YOU LOVE IT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU LOVE IT
NO I AIN'T HAPPY YET
HAPPY YE
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD ♪
♪ DON'T YOU LOVE IT
DON'T YOU LOVE I
NO I AIN'T HAPPY YET
BUT I'M WAY LESS SAD ♪
♪ SO PUT YOUR BES
FACE ON EVERYBOD
PRETEND YOU KNOW THI
SONG EVERYBODY ♪
♪ COME HANG
DON'T YOU LOVE I
LET'S GO OUT WITH A BANG ♪
♪ BANG BANG BAN
HERE WE GO
BANG BANG ♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
EMMY AWARD WINNING WRITER AND
THE CREATOR OF SHOWTIME'S
"THE CHI." LENA WAITHE
>> THE IMPACT OF LATIN MUSIC IS
UNDENIABLE
THIS YEAR. LATIN ARTISTS
DOMINATED THE GLOBAL SCENE AND
BROKE STREAMING RECORDS ACROSS
MUSIC PLATFORMS.
TRANSFORMING THE INDUSTRY AND
REACHING NEW AUDIENCES
HERE ARE THE ARTISTS FOR TOP
LATIN ARTIST
>> Announcer: ANUEL AA
BAD BUNNY.
♪♪
J BALVIN
MALUMA
♪♪
OZUNA.
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
BAD BUNNY.
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
[ SPEAKING IN SPANISH
♪♪
>> Announcer: COMING UP NEXT.
JON BON JOVI PRESENTS THE
BILLBOARD ICON AWARD TO PINK.
AND SHE PERFORMS SOME OF HER
GREATEST HITS.
IT'S THE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WHEN YOU GIVE OUT AN AWARD
OF THE MAGNITUDE OF THE ICON
AWARD TO A VERY SPECIAL ARTIST.
YOU NEED IT TO BE BRENTED BY
ANOTHER ICON. A TRUE GIANT IN
THE MUSIC WORLD.
GUESS WHAT. THAT'S EXACTLY WHO
IS COMING TO THE STAGE
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
JOHN BON JOVI.
>>  THANKS. NICK
WHEN I FIRST HEARD PINK PERFORM
I WAS STUNNED.
SHE HAD IT ALL TALENT. ENERGY. A
MESSAGE IN HER SONGS. AND STAGE
PRESENCE THAT ONLY THE GREATS
HAVE
THE SECOND TIME PINK STUNNED ME
WAS WHEN I MET HER WHEN SHE WAS
ABOUT 22 YEARS OLD
SHE TOLD ME SHE HAD A CRUSH ON
ME WHEN SHE WAS JUST SEVEN YEARS
OLD AND THAT WHEN SHE HEARD I
WAS MARRIED. IT BROKE HER HEART.
I FELT BAD. SO I TRIED TO MAKE
UP FOR IT BY SENDING HER A
LIFE-SIZE FLOWER ARRANGEMENT AND
A PAIR OF LEATHER PANTS WITH A
NOTE THAT SAID. "NOW YOU CAN
FINALLY GET INTO MY PANTS.
EVER SINCE THEN. WE'VE BEEN
FRIENDS.
NOT IN THAT FAKE MUSIC BUSINESS
WAY. BUT REAL FRIENDS.
AND IT IS BECAUSE OF THAT AND MY
DEEP RESPECT FOR HER ARTISTRY
AND HER EVER GROWING LEGACY THAT
I AM SO THRILLED TO HAVE BEEN
ASKED TO PRESENT HER WITH THE
ICON AWARD
BUT FIRST. LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT
HER AMAZING CAREER
>> I'M BUSY. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
>> A FORCE OF NATURE FROM THE
VERY START. HER DEBUT ALBUM WENT
DOUBLE PLATINUM AND SHE EARNED
THE TITLE OF BILLBOARD NEW
FEMALE ARTIST OF THE YEAR.
♪♪
BUT WHEN SHE FOLLOWED THAT UP
WITH "MISSUNDAZTOOD" PINK TRULY
CHANGED THE GAME
WITH INTERNATIONAL NUMBER ONE
SONGS "GET THE PARTY STARTED".
"DON'T LET ME GET ME." AND "JUST
LIKE A PILL.
PINK ANNOUNCED TO THE WORLD THAT
SHE WAS HERE TO STAY
♪♪
A TRUE TRAILBLAZER. SHE BROKE
THE MOLD AND REDEFINED THE
CONCEPT OF A "POP STAR." A
SINGER. SONGWRITER. AND ARTIST
MAKING HER OWN KIND OF MUSIC
♪♪
AND PINK HAS ALWAYS STAYED TRUE
TO HERSELF
BOLD AND BRASH. A WOMAN WHO
LIVES BY THE CREED THAT YOU
CAN'T MOVE MOUNTAINS BY
WHISPERING AT THEM
♪♪
THROUGHOUT HER CAREER SHE HAS
BROKEN BARRIERS AND SHATTERED
BOUNDARIES
HER ONSTAGE PERFORMANCES ARE
LEGENDARY. ACROBATIC
MASTERPIECES THAT ARE SHEER
SPECTACLE.
OFFSTAGE. SHE IS PASSIONATELY
COMMITTED TO HER COMMUNITY AND
HER FANS. SHARING A MESSAGE OF
SELF-EMPOWERMENT THAT HAS
INSPIRED A GENERATION TO EMBRACE
THEMSELVES JUST AS THEY ARE.
♪♪
ONE OF THE WORLD'S BEST SELLING
ARTISTS AND 2013'S BILLBOARD
WOMAN OF THE YEAR. SHE IS TRULY
THE WHOLE PACKAGE.
SHE'S A GROUND BREAKER
A BAD-ASS. A ONE OF A KIND
PERFORMER WHOSE JOURNEY HAD
TAKEN HER TO THE TOP AND DAZZLED
US ALL ALONG THE WAY
AND ONLY THE 10th ARTIST EVER TO
BE RECIPIENT OF THE
BILLBOARD ICON AWARD
♪♪
TONIGHT. WE RAISE OUR GLASS TO
CELEBRATE AND HONOR PINK
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> AND NOW. LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN. ENOUGH TALK
HOW ABOUT SOME MUSIC. PINK
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
♪ I'VE BEEN DREAMIN
OF FRIENDLY FACE
I'VE GOT SO MUCH
TIME TO KILL ♪
♪ JUST IMAGIN
PEOPLE LAUGHIN
I KNOW SOME DAY WE WIL
AND EVEN IF IT'S FAR AWAY ♪
♪ GET ME THROUGH ANOTHER DA
COVER ME IN SUNSHINE
SHOWER ME WITH GOOD TIME
TELL ME THAT THE WORLD'S ♪
♪ BEEN SPINNING
SINCE THE BEGINNIN
AND EVERYTHING WIL
BE ALL RIGHT ♪
♪ COVER ME IN SUNSHIN
FROM A DISTANC
ALL THESE MOUNTAIN
ARE JUST SOME TINY HILLS ♪
♪ WILDFLOWERS THE
KEEP LIVING WHILE THEY'R
JUST STANDING STIL
I'VE BEEN MISSING ♪
♪ YESTERDAY BUT WHAT IF
THERE'S A BETTER PLACE
COVER ME IN SUNSHINE
SHOWER ME WITH GOOD TIMES ♪
♪ TELL ME THAT THE WORLD'
BEEN SPINNING SINCE TH
BEGINNING AND EVERYTHING
WILL BE ALL RIGHT ♪
♪ COVER ME IN SUNSHIN
LA LA LA
LA L
COVER ME IN SUNSHINE ♪
♪ SHOWER ME WITH GOOD
TIME
TELL ME THAT THE
WORLD'
BEEN SPINNING SINC
THE BEGINNING AND EVERYTHING ♪
♪ WILL BE ALL RIGHT
♪♪
♪ I HAVEN'T ALWAY
BEEN THIS WA
I WASN'T BORN A RENEGADE
I FELT ALONE ♪
♪ STILL FEEL AFRAID
I STUMBLE THROUG
IT ANYWA
I WISH SOMEONE WOULD ♪
♪ HAVE TOLD M
THAT THIS LIFE I
OURS TO CHOOSE
NO ONE'S HANDING ♪
♪ YOU THE KEY
OR A BOOK WITH
ALL THE RULE
THE LITTLE THAT I KNOW ♪
♪ I'LL TELL TO YO
WHEN THEY DRESS YO
UP IN LIES
AND YOU'RE LEFT NAKED ♪
♪ WITH THE TRUT
YOU THROW YOUR HEAD BACK
AND YOU SPIT IN THE WIND
LET THE WALLS CRACK ♪
♪ CAUSE IT LETS THE LIGHT I
LET'EM DRAG YO
THROUGH HELL THEY CAN'
TELL YOU TO CHANGE ♪
♪ WHO YOU ARE
♪ PUT YOUR SWORD DOWN
DIVE RIGHT INTO THE PAIN
STAY UNFILTERED AND LOUD
YOU'LL BE PROUD OF THAT ♪
♪ SKIN FULL OF SCAR
THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FAR
SO YOU MIGHT GIVE ♪
♪ YOURSELF AWAY YEA
AND PAY FULL PRICE
FOR EACH MISTAKE
BUT WHEN THE CANDY-COATING ♪
♪ HIDES THE RAZOR BLADE
YOU CAN CUT YOURSELF LOOSE
AND USE THAT RAG
I WISH SOMEONE WOULD ♪
♪ HAVE TOLD ME THAT THI
DARKNESS COMES AND GOE
PEOPLE WILL PRETEN
BUT BABY GIRL ♪
♪ NOBODY KNOW
AND EVEN I CAN'T TEACH
YOU HOW TO FLY
BUT I CAN SHOW YOU ♪
♪ HOW TO LIVE
LIKE YOUR LIFE I
ON THE LIN
YOU THROW YOUR HEAD BACK ♪
♪ AND YOU SPIT IN THE WIN
LET THE WALLS CRAC
CAUSE IT LETS THE LIGHT IN ♪
♪ LET'EM DRAG YOU
THROUGH HELL
THEY CAN'T TELL YO
TO CHANGE WHO YOU ARE ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FA
AND WHEN THE STORM'S OUT
YOU RUN IN THE RAI
PUT YOUR SWORD DOWN ♪
♪ DIVE RIGHT INTO THE PAI
STAY UNFILTERED AND LOUD
YOU'LL BE PROUD OF THA
SKIN FULL OF SCARS ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FA
THAT'S ALL I KNO
THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FAR
THAT'S ALL I KNOW ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FA
THAT'S ALL I KNO
THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FAR
THAT'S ALL I KNOW ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL I KNOW SO FA
I WILL BE WITH YOU
TIL THE WORLD BLOWS UP
HMM ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
♪ I'M COMIN' UP
SO YOU BETTER GE
THIS PARTY STARTED
I'M COMIN' UP ♪
♪ SO YOU BETTER GET
THIS PARTY STARTED
I GUESS I JUST
LOST MY HUSBAND ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHERE HE WEN
SO I'M GONNA DRINK
MY MONEY I'M NOT GONNA
PAY HIS RENT NOPE ♪
♪ I GOT A BRAND NEW ATTITUD
AND I'M GONNA WEAR
IT TONIGHT ♪
♪ I WANNA GET IN TROUBL
I WANNA START A FIGH
NA-NA-NA-NA NA-NA NA
I WANNA START A FIGHT ♪
♪ NA-NA-NA-NA NA-NA N
I WANNA START A FIGH
SO SO WHAT
I'M STILL A ROCK STAR ♪
♪ I GOT MY ROCK MOVES
AND I DON'T NEED YOU
AND GUESS WHAT
I'M HAVING MORE FUN ♪
♪ AND NOW THAT WE'RE DONE
I'M GONNA SHOW YOU TONIGHT
I'M ALL RIGH
I'M JUST FINE ♪
♪ AND YOU'RE A TOOL
SO SO WHAT
I AM A ROCK STAR
I GOT MY ROCK MOVES ♪
♪ AND I DON'T WAN
YOU TONIGH
I THINK I'VE FINALLY
HAD ENOUGH ♪
♪ I THINK I MAYBE THINK
TOO MUCH
I THINK THIS MIGHT
BE IT FOR US ♪
♪ BLOW ME ONE LAST KISS
YOU THINK I'M JUST
TOO SERIOU
I THINK YOU'RE FULL OF IT ♪
♪ MY HEAD IS SPINNING S
BLOW ME ONE LAST KIS
IF SOMEONE SAID THRE
YEARS FROM NOW ♪
♪ YOU'D BE LONG GON
I'D STAND UP AND
PUNCH THEM OUT
CAUSE THEY'RE ALL WRONG ♪
♪ AND THAT LAST KIS
I'LL CHERISH
UNTIL WE MEET AGAI
AND TIME MAKES IT HARDER ♪
♪ I WISH I COULD REMEMBER
BUT I KEEP YOUR MEMORY
YOU VISIT ME IN MY SLEEP
MY DARLING WHO KNEW ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪ WHERE I CAN RUN
JUST AS FAST AS I CA
TO THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
TO THE MIDDLE OF MY ♪
♪ FRUSTRATED FEAR
AND I SWEA
YOU'RE JUST LIKE A PIL
STEAD OF MAKIN ME BETTER ♪
♪ YOU KEEP MAKIN' ME IL
MAKIN' ME MAKIN' ME IL
JUST GIVE ME A REASO
JUST A LITTLE BIT'S ENOUGH ♪
♪ JUST A SECOND WE'RE
NOT BROKEN JUST BENT
AND WE CAN LEARN
TO LOVE AGAIN ♪
♪ IT'S IN THE STARS
IT'S BEEN WRITTE
IN THE SCARS ON OUR HEARTS
WE'RE NOT BROKEN JUST BENT ♪
♪ AND WE CAN LEAR
TO LOVE AGAI
I WILL BE WITH YOU
TIL THE WORLD BLOWS UP ♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> AND NOW. IT'S MY HONOR TO
PRESENT THE
2021 BILLBOARD ICON AWARD
TO PINK.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THANK YOU
THIS IS RIDICULOUS
HI. MOM. HI. DAD. HI. JASON. HI.
JOHN BON JOVI.
I THINK YOU KNOW THIS.
I DIDN'T COME OUT OF MY ROOM FOR
A WEEK WHEN YOU MARRIED
DORATHIA
I RIPPED YOUR POSTER OFF THE
WALL AND REPLACED YOU WITH
SEBASTIAN BACH
I'M GLAD YOU FOUND LASTING LOVE.
BUT YOU BROKE MY HEART
I TAKE IT AS AN APOLOGY.
I ACCEPT
BILLBOARDS. THANK YOU.
WILLOW NAILED IT
JAMISON NAILING IT
I LOVE WHAT I DO AND I LOVE THE
PEOPLE THAT I GET TO DO IT WITH.
AND WE'RE PRETTY GOOD AT WHAT WE
DO. BUT IT WOULDN'T MATTER IF NO
ONE CAME TO SEE US AND PLAY WITH
US
SO ALL YOU GUYS OUT THERE AND
AROUND THE WORLD. THANK YOU FOR
COMING OUT
THANK YOU FOR LETTING US FEEL
TOGETHER
I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL WE CAN DO IT
AGAIN. SO WE CAN JUST SWEAT ALL
OVER EACH OTHER.
AND JUST THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE
HONOR.
DREAM BIG BECAUSE WHAT IF IT
COMES TRUE
THANK YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: KEEP WATCHING.
WE'VE GOT PERFORMANCES BY
KAROL G. BTS
AND COMING UP NEXT. THE AWARD
FOR TOP HOT 100 SONG PRESENTED
BY ROCKSTAR ENERGY
>>> BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS. HOW
WE FEELING
YOU KNOW WE'RE JUST GETTING
STARTED.
WE HAVE ONE OF THE BIGGEST
AWARDS COMING UP
ARE YOU READY?
LET'S GET INTO IT.
THIS YEAR ROCK STAR ENERGY HAS
TEAMED UP WITH THE BBMAs TO
BRING YOU ONE OF THE MOST
PRESTIGIOUS AWARDS
TO TELL US ABOUT IT FROM HIS
RECORDING STUDIO IN ATLANTA.
HERE IS LIL BABY
CHEERS
>> WHAT'S UP. IT'S LIL BABY HERE
IN THE STUDIO.
DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO
GET A SONG ON THE BILLBOARD
HOT 100 CHART?
MILLIONS OF SONGS ARE RELEASED
EVERY YEAR BUT ONLY ONE CAN
BECOME THE TOP HOT 100 SONG.
ROCKSTAR ENERGY SALUTES THE
ARTISTS WHO HUSTLE TO BEAT THOSE
INCREDIBLE ODDS AND GRIND TO
SHINE TO BECOME OUR FINALISTS
TONIGHT.
>> Announcer: 24KGOLDN FEATURING
IANN DIOR -- "MOOD."
♪♪
GABBY BARRETT FEATURING
CHARLIE PUTH -- "I HOPE.
♪♪
CHRIS BROWN AND YOUNG THUG.
"GO CRAZY.
♪♪
DABABY FEATURING RODDY RICCH.
"ROCKSTAR.
♪♪
THE WEEKND. "BLINDING LIGHTS."
>> LIL BABY. THANK YOU
AND WE CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR THE
MUSIC YOU'RE WORKING ON.
AND NOW. THE
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD FOR TOP
HOT 100 SONG PRESENTED BY
ROCKSTAR ENERGY GOES TO --
"BLINDING LIGHTS" THE WEEKND!
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THANK YOU
I WANT TO TALK TO MY FANS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE
INVOLVED IN MAKING THIS MAGICAL
SONG
I WANT TO THANK MY FANS. OF
COURSE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
YOU GUYS MAKE ME WANT TO DO THIS
FOREVER.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
AND I JUST WANT TO SAY THE AFTER
HOURS ARE DONE AND THE DAWN IS
COMING
THANK YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>> FOR OVER A YEAR THE EYES OF
THE WORLD HAVE BEEN
ON MINNEAPOLIS
A CITY THAT STOOD AS A SYMBOL OF
ACTIVISM AND STRENGTH.
WHEN WE WENT TO MINNEAPOLIS A
FEW DAYS AGO FOR THIS NEXT
PERFORMANCE. WE HAD NO WAY OF
KNOWING THE TRAGEDY THAT WAS
AWAITING THAT CITY THAT HAS GONE
THROUGH SO MUCH.
OUR HEARTS GO OUT TO THE
VICTIMS' FAMILIES THERE AND THE
INNOCENT VICTIMS' FAMILIES ALL
OVER THE WORLD
AT THIS MOMENT IT IS SO CRUCIAL
THAT WE GO OUT OF OUR WAY TO
SHOW LOVE WHENEVER POSSIBLE.
AND BELIEVE THAT WE CAN MAKE
THIS WORLD THE BETTER ONE IN
WHICH WE WANT TO LIVE.
[ APPLAUSE ]
THIS NEXT SONG REPRESENTS JUST
THAT
HERE ARE LEGENDARY SONG WRITER
PRODUCERS JIMMY JAM AND TERRY
LEWIS.
♪♪
♪ KEEP YOUR HEAD TO THE SKY ♪
♪ TO THE SKY ♪
♪
>> WE'RE HERE AT PRINCE'S
LEGENDARY PAISLEY PARK JUST
OUTSIDE OF OUR HOMETOWN OF
MINNEAPOLIS. MINNESOTA
A PLACE THAT MUSICALLY HAS
REPRESENTED CHANGE TO THE STATUS
QUO. COMBINING RACES. GENDERS.
UPTOWN AND DOWNTOWN. TO GIVE THE
WORLD HARMONIOUS GROOVES
THANKS TO THE PEOPLE OF THIS
CITY AND OTHER PEACEFUL
PARTICIPANTS
MINNEAPOLIS IS IN THE MIDST OF
CHANGING THE STATUS QUO YET
AGAIN.
>> AS FELLOW MINNESOTAN
BOB DYLAN PROMISED; "THE TIMES
THEY ARE A-CHANGING.
TIMES CHANGE BECAUSE OF THE
POWER OF THE PEOPLE.
MAKES IT CHANGE.
MUSIC IS A POWERFUL CATALYST AND
THIS NEXT SONG THAT WE WROTE
30 YEARS AGO EXPRESSES OUR
PERSPECTIVE THAT FAITH IS KEY TO
MAKE POSITIVE CHANGE
>> I LIKE TO SAY GOD PUT THE PEN
IN OUR HAND AND GUIDED IT FOR
THIS SONG.
>> SO. WITHOUT FURTHER ADO. WE
WANT YOU TO WELCOME RIGHT HERE
FROM MINNEAPOLIS. MINNESOTA.
CELEBRATING THEIR 50th YEAR
ANNIVERSARY. JOINED BY ANN
NESBY. "THE SOUNDS OF
BLACKNESS.
♪ WE'RE IN THE MIDST OF SORROW ♪
♪ SORROW ♪
♪ YOU KEPT ME UP WHEN LOOKING
DOWN ♪ ♪
♪ LOOKING DOWN ♪
♪ A BRIGHTER DAY. TOMORROW WILL
BRING ♪
♪ TOMORROW WILL BRING ♪
♪ OH. OH. OH. ♪
♪ BE OPTIMISTIC ♪
♪ YOU HEAR THAT VOICE ♪
♪ TELLING YOU THIS CAN NEVER BE
DOWN ♪ OH. YEAH ♪
♪ NO MATTER HOW HARD REALITY ♪
♪ REALITY IS ♪
♪ JUST HOLD ONTO YOUR DREAMS ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ OH. ♪
♪ ♪
♪ AS LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD
TO THE SKY ♪
♪ MY. MY. MY. YOU CAN WIN.
CHILD ♪
♪ AS LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD
TO THE SKY ♪
♪ BE OPTIMISTIC ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS AROUND YOU
CRUMBLE ♪
♪ CRUMBLE ♪
♪ SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO STUMBLE
AND FALL ♪
♪ OH. OH. ♪
♪ KEEP PUSHING ON AND DON'T YOU
LOOK BACK ♪
♪ DON'T LOOK BACK ♪
♪ NO. NO. NO. NO ♪
♪ OOH ♪
♪ OPTIMISTIC ♪
♪ I KNOW THE STORMS AND STRIFE ♪
♪ YOU KNOW THEY WILL ♪
♪ CLOUD YOUR EYES ♪
♪ JUST LOOK AHEAD AND YOU'LL
BE -- ♪
♪ HIGHER ♪
♪ YOU MAY BE DOWN BUT NEVER
OUT ♪
♪ THAT'S WHAT OPTIMISTIC IS ALL
ABOUT ♪
♪
♪♪
♪ AS LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD
TO THE SKY ♪
♪ HEAD TO THE SKY ♪
♪ MY. MY. MY ♪
♪ YOU CAN WIN ♪
♪ YOU CAN WIN. CHILD ♪
♪ AS LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD
TO THE SKY ♪
♪ BE OPTIMISTIC ♪
♪ YOU CAN WIN ♪
♪ LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD TO
THE SKY ♪
♪ THANK YOU. LORD ♪
♪ LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD TO
THE SKY ♪
♪ DON'T YOU LET NOBODY STOP
YOU ♪
♪ YOU CAN WIN ♪
♪ LONG AS YOU KEEP YOUR HEAD TO
THE SKY ♪
♪ SKY O-O-O-O ♪
♪ BE OPTIMISTIC ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> COMING UP NEXT. CAROL G
THEN LATER PER FORMATANCES B
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WELCOME BACK
OUR NEXT ARTIST IS BREAKING ALL
THE RULES AND BREAKING RECORDS
ALONG THE WAY.
HER FIRST ALBUM LANDED THE
NUMBER ONE SPOT ON THE
BILLBOARD LATIN ALBUMS CHART.
AND SHE IS A RISING FORCE IN
REGGAETON MUSIC.
MAKING HER DEBUT PERFORMANCE ON
THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS. HERE
IS KAROL G
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
[ SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME
RAPPER AND MEGAPRODUCER SWIZZ
BEATS.
>> THIS YEAR. WE LOST SO MANY IN
THE HIP-HOP COMMUNITY.
RAPPER AND PRODUCER SHOCK G.
BAD-BOY RAPPER BLACK ROB.
AND I
PRINCE MARKIE DEE OF
THE FAT BOYS AND
ECSTASY OF WHODINI
I ALSO WANT TO TAKE THIS MOMENT
TO REMEMBER MY FRIEND. MY
BROTHER. D M X
HE MADE MUSIC WITH A RAW PASSION
THAT SPOKE TO THE STREETS AND TO
THE WORLD.
FOLLOWING 2PAC. HE WAS THE
SECOND RAPPER TWO HAVE TWO
NUMBER ONE ALBUMS IN ONE YEAR.
HIS LEGACY WILL FOREVER BE
REMEMBERED
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I WANT EVERYBODY AROUND THE
WORLD TO PUT YOUR Xs UP IN THE
AIR AND MAY DMX REST IN PEACE.
OVER THE PAST TWO DECADES. I'VE
HAD THE HONOR OF PRODUCING HITS
FOR SO MANY TALENTED ARTISTS.
AND WHAT I'VE LEARNED IS HOW TO
LAY THE GROUNDWORK AND STEP
AWAY
WHEN THE PERFECT VERSE AND FLOW
MEET THE PERFECT ARRANGEMENT AND
BEAT. YOU GOT MAGIC.
HERE ARE THE FINALISTS FOR
TOP RAP SONG
>> Announcer: 24KGOLDN FEATURING
IANN DIOR. "MOOD."
♪♪
CARDI B FEATURING
MEGAN THEE STALLION. "WAP.
♪♪
DABABY FEATURING RODDY RICCH.
"ROCKSTAR.
♪♪
JACK HARLOW FEATURING DABABY.
TORY LANEZ AND LIL WAYNE.
"WHATS POPPIN.
♪♪
MEGAN THEE STALLION FEATURING
BEYONCE. "SAVAGE."
♪♪
>> NEW DMX ALBUM "EXODUS" COMING
FRIDAY."
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
ZONE. ZONE. ZONE
YES. SIR
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> IT'S ME. IT'S ME.
HOW I LOOK
I SAY. HOW I LOOK WITH THAT?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
ALL RIGHT. LET THEM KNOW WHO
THEY PLAYING WITH.
MAN. LOOK. YOU KNOW.
HEY. THE TO BE ABLE TO PUT OUT A
SONG LIKE "ROCK STAR" DURING THE
PANDEMIC AND SEE IT GO NUMBER
ONE. LONGEST RUNNING NUMBER ONE
ON THE BILLBOARD HOT 100 FOR
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
IT'S SORT OF A BLESSING.
NONE OF IT WOULD BE POSSIBLE
WITHOUT GOD AND MY TEAM.
I APPRECIATE ALL Y'ALL
OH. YEAH. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY.
LAST BUT NOT LEAST. THE FANS AND
THE SUPPORTERS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
BECAUSE IF Y'ALL DON'T. BECAUSE
IF Y'ALL DON'T PRESS PLAY. THE
MUSIC DON'T GET HEARD.
APPRECIATE Y'ALL
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>> Announcer: KEEP WATCHING AS
TRAE THA TRUTH RECEIVES THE
BILLBOARD CHANGE MAKER AWARD
THEN LATER. PERFORMANCES BY BTS
BAD BUNNY. AND THE WEEKND HERE
ON NBC
>> Announcer: XFINITY BRINGS YOU
A WAY BETTER WAY TO WATCH YOUR
FAVORITE ARTISTS
AND NOW. CUSTOMERS CAN CATCH A
SPECIAL BONUS PERFORMANCE FROM
NOAH CYRUS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>>> LAST YEAR KILLER MIKE
RECEIVED THE VERY FIRST
BILLBOARD CHANGE MAKER AWARD
HERE TO HONOR THIS YEAR'S
RECIPIENT. IS THE ONE AND ONLY.
TINA KNOWLES-LAWSON.
>>  TRAE THA TRUTH IS A
MODERN-DAY SUPERHERO
HE JUST DOESN'T WEAR THE CAPE.
I FIRST MET TRAE DOING WHAT HE
DOES BEST. HELPING OTHERS.
WHEN HURRICANE HARVEY RAVAGED
HOUSTON. TRAE WAS THERE RESCUING
PEOPLE FROM THE FLOODWATERS WITH
HIS BOAT AND DISTRIBUTING
MUCH-NEEDED SUPPLIES TO LOCAL
COMMUNITIES.
TRAE THA TRUTH IS A LEGEND
IN HOUSTON. WITH A HEART AS BIG
AS TEXAS
HE IS A TALENTED RAPPER. A VOICE
FOR SOCIAL CHANGE. AND A TRUE
HUMANITARIAN WHOSE WORK TOUCHES
CITIES ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
HIS NAME IS SO FITTING BECAUSE
TRAE REALLY IS THE TRUTH
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT HOW
TRAE THA TRUTH'S COMMITMENT TO
ADVOCACY THROUGH HIS ART HAS
CREATED POWERFUL CHANGE.
>> IT'S MY RESPONSIBILITY TO
ALWAYS STEP UP
>> FOR NEARLY TWO DECADES RAPPER
AND ADVOCATE TRAE THA TRUTH HAS
BEEN SHOWING UP.
HE LED THE EFFORT TO DIRECT AID
TO FAMILIES IN NEED AND HAS
BECOME ONE OF THE MOST RESPECTED
ORGANIZATIONS IN THE AREA.
>> I'VE BEEN WITH PEOPLE ALL
MORNING.
WHAT'S UP. BRO
>> TRAE'S COMMITMENT TO SERVICE
GOES FAR BEYOND DISASTER RELIEF.
HE IN 2008 HE FOUNDED ANGEL BY
NATURE DEDICATE TODAY IMPROVING
THE LIVES OF THOSE AFFECTED BY
HARDSHIP. ESPECIALLY UNDER
SERVED YOUTH
>> I'M ALWAYS GOING TO BE THERE.
RATHER THAN SIT BACK. WAITING
AND TRYING TO STRATEGIZE.
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO MOVE RIGHT
THEN AND THERE BECAUSE THAT
PERCENT THAT YOU'RE HELPING CAN
CHANGE PEOPLE'S LIVES.
>> IN RECOGNITION OF HIS WORK.
THE CITY OF HOUSTON HONORS HIM
EVERY JULY 22nd KNOWN AS TRAE
DAY.
>> IT'S ABOUT BRINGING
ENTERTAINMENT TO UNDER
PRIVILEGED PEOPLE IN HOUSTON
>> TRAE. MY DEDICATION AND MY
OBLIGATION. I FEEL LIKE I NEED
TO
I TAKE CARE OF THE CITY.
>> TRAE THA TRUTH IS WILLING TO
PUT HIMSELF ON THE LINE TO MAKE
THINGS BETTER.
AND HE DOES THESE THINGS SIMPLY
BECAUSE HE CARES
AND THAT'S WHY THIS CITY LOVES
HIM.
AND NOT ONLY DO I RESPECT HIM. I
LOVE THE BROTHER
>> TRAE'S IMPACT IS FELT ACROSS
THE NATION
VOTER REGISTRATION DRIVE AND
DEMONSTRATIONS AGAINST POLICE
BRUTALITY.
LAST YEAR ALONGSIDE THE CITY OF
HOUSTON. TRAE ORGANIZED A SMALL
MARCH TO SUPPORT THE FAMILY OF
HIS FRIEND GEORGE FLOYD.
WITH ONLY TWO DAY'S NOTICE. THE
EVENT WAS ATTENDED BY OVER
60.000 PEOPLE.
>> WHEN WE DID AND CAME TO DO
THIS SUNDAY. WE HAD NO IDEA IT
WAS GOING TO BE TEN PEOPLE OR
10.000
I WANT TO TELL EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF Y'ALL PERSONALLY FROM THE
BOTTOM OF MY HEART. THANK Y'ALL.
>>> PEOPLE IS WHAT MAKES THE
WORLD FEEL SAFE.
AND TRAE THA TRUTH PROVIDES
DECENCY TO HIS COMMUNITY IN A
WAY THAT'S SO INSPIRING.
>> I THINK THAT'S GOING TO BE
THE CORNERSTONE OF TRAE'S
LEGACY
HE USES HIS POWER TO HELP HIS
FELLOW MAN
>> HE MOTIVATES OTHER TO
MOTIVATE PEOPLE.
>> I'M GOING TO CONTINUE DOING
IT UNTIL MY JOB IS DONE.
>> TRAE THA TRUTH IS A TRUE
CHANGE MAKER
>> AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME THE
RECIPIENT OF THIS 2021 BILLBOARD
CHANGE MAKER AWARD TRAE THA
TRUTH.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> ANOTHER DAY. ANOTHER
BLESSING
YOU KNOW NONE OF THIS WOULD BE
POSSIBLE IF IT WASN'T FOR THE
MAN UP ABOVE
SO I WANT TO TAKE THIS MOMENT TO
THANK HIM RIGHT NOW.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO MY
FAMILY
THANK YOU TO MY KIDS
I KNOW MY MAMA PROBABLY
SOMEWHERE GOING CRAZY RIGHT NOW.
THANK YOU TO MY TEAM AB RELIEF
GANG
MY BROTHER D.J. MR. ROGERS
MY BUMP BOX TEAM
MY FLEE DOMREEDOM FAMILY.
LAST BUT NOT LEAST. Y'ALL THE
REASON I DO WHAT I DO.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
COMING FROM WHERE I COME FROM.
NOTHING WAS EVER PROMISED.
I SAID IF I EVER GOT IN
POSITION. I'D BE THERE FOR THOSE
IN NEED.
WHETHER IT BE ASSISTING LITTLE
HOMIES IN MUSIC. ASSISTING
PEOPLE IN NEED OF RELIEF OR
WHETHER JUST FIGHTING ON THE
FRONT LINE FOR THOSE WHO CAN'T
FIGHT FOR THEMSELVES
I WANT TO SAY I APPRECIATE
BILLBOARD FOR TAKING THE TIME TO
SHED LIGHT ON ME RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE RIGHT NOW YOU SHED LIGHT
ON HOUSTON RIGHT NOW
YOU SHED LIGHT ON TEXAS.
YOU SHED LIGHT ON THE FEW REAL
LEADERS LEFT
I'M ONE OF THE ONES WHO
REPRESENTS THE STRUGGLE IN THE
LESS FORTUNATE
WHEN IT COMES TO CHANGE IT'S
IMPORTANT.
THAT'S WHY THIS AWARD IS SO
IMPORTANT TO ME. MAN
IT'S IMPORTANT TO CHANGE
PEOPLE'S LIVES
IT'S IMPORTANT TO CHANGE THE
THOUGHTS OF THOSE WHO GIVE UP AT
TIMES.
IT'S IMPORTANT TO CHANGE THINGS
THAT WEREN'T DESIGNED FOR OUR
BEST INTEREST.
FOR ME. I COME FROM THE STREETS.
WE HAVE TO PROTECT OUR WOMEN
WE HAVE TO PROTECT OUR CHILDREN.
WE HAVE TO PROTECT OUR ELDERS.
IT'S TIME FOR US TO CHANGE AND
CONTROL OUR OWN STORY RIGHT
ABOUT NOW.
IT'S ABOUT STEPPING UP. NOT
TAKING NO FOR AN ANSWER.
AND IF YOU KNOW ME. YOU KNOW I
NEVER BACK DOWN.
AND MOST OF ALL. NEVER GIVE UP
AND I WANT TO TAKE THIS MOMENT
RIGHT NOW TO DEDICATE THIS TO MY
BROTHER MONEY CLIFF D. MY LITTLE
BRO NIPSEY HUSSLE.
MY BROTHER D.J.. ALL MY SUC
ANGELS
MY BROTHER DMX
THIS IS FOR MY NIECE. TOO.
YOU KNOW YOUR UNCLE. BABY.
THIS IS FOR ANYBODY WHO EVER
WALKED UP TO ME AND TOLD ME THEY
WERE INSPIRED OR MOTIVATED BY
ANYTHING I DO. MAN
I WANT TO TAKE THIS MOMENT TO
SAY THANK YOU TO MISS TINA.
BEYONCE.
THEY GOOD. YOU KNOW THEY WHOLE
FAMILY
IT'S TIMES WHEN PEOPLE WOULDN'T
STAND FOR ME
THEY ALWAYS STOOD WHEN OTHERS
DECIDED TO OVERLOOK.
AND PLUS IT'S CRAZEY BECAUSE MIS
TINA ALWAYS CALLS ME A
SUPERHERO.
THIS MEANS MORE TO ME THAN
ANYTHING TO BE GETTING AN AWARD
FROM YOU. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
SAYING
[ APPLAUSE ]
WHAT I WILL SAY. I'D BE WRONG IF
I WOULDN'T LET THEM KNOW. RIGHT
NOW. THIS IS FOR HOUSTON. TEXAS.
THIS IS FOR THE AA TIME WE GOT
ONE.
WE ALL ONE RELIEF GANG
BUT ONE LAST THING. TOO.
DANIEL CAMERON. WE'RE STILL
GOING TO NEED JUSTICE FOR
BREONNA TAYLOR
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> TRAE THA TRUTH HEAD TO
NFT.COM.
GET YOUR OWN COMMEMORATIVE
CHANGE MAKER ART NFT
THE PROCEEDS FROM SALES WILL BE
DONATED TO TRAE'S FOUNDATION.
ANGEL BY NATURE.
AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME THE
EMMY AWARD-WINNING HOST OF
BRAVO'S "TOP CHEF."
PADMA LAKSHMI.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THE NEXT PERFORMERS JUST KEEP
BREAKING RECORDS
THEY MADE HISTORY ON BILLBOARD'S
GLOBAL 200 CHART
EARNING FIVE TOP 10 HITS SO FAR.
THE MOST AMONG GROUPS.
AND THEY'VE HAD FIVE
NUMBER 1 ALBUMS ON THE
YOU KNOW WHO I'M TALKING ABOUT
ON THE BILLBOARD 200 CHART
IT'S NO SURPRISE THAT THEIR ARMY
KEEPS GROWING.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
COMING TO US FROM SEOUL.
SOUTH KOREA. AND PERFORMING
THEIR NEW SINGLE. "BUTTER." HERE
IS BTS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
[ WHISTLING
♪♪
♪ PUT THAT BUTTER BACK UNDER
COVER ♪
♪ BREAKING INTO YOUR HEART LIKE
THAT ♪
♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: NEXT UP. DRAKE
ACCEPTS THE AWARD FOR
ARTIST OF THE DECADE
THEN LATER PERFORMANCES BY
DURAN DURAN FROM LONDON.
BAD BUNNY. GLASS ANIMALS AND
JONAS BROTHERS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: WE'RE HERE AT THE
2021 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS.
AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR THE
BILLBOARD ARTIST OF THE DECADE
AWARD.
>> SO. I'M SURE YOU'RE WRON
DERRING
WONDERING WHO ALL THESE PEOPLE
ON THE STAGE WERE.
WHEN DRAKE WAS ASKED WHO SHOULD
PRESENT HIM WITH THE ARTIST OF
THE DECADE. HE HAD A LOT OF
CHOICES.
IT COULD HAVE BEEN ONE OF HIS
PEERS.
MENTORS.
IT COULD HAVE JUST BEEN ONE OF
HIS FAMOUS FRIENDS THAT ARE
INTERESTING.
BUT HE LOOKED ME STRAIGHT IN THE
EYE AND SAID. IT SHOULD BE YOU
GUYS. MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY. THE
PEOPLE THAT HAVE BEEN THERE
EVERY STEP OF THE WAY WITH ME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
YOU SEE. THAT'S JUST WHO DRAKE
IS
HE'S THE MOST KIND. SELFLESS.
GENEROUS PERSON WE KNOW.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
HERE'S A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT
THE ARTIST OF THE DECADE
>> LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING
ACTORS DON'T REP
RAPPERS DON'T SING
RAPPERS DON'T COME FROM CANADA
WHERE IS CANADA?
I'M SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE IN THIS
LIGHT SKINNED R & B FACE CRYING
ON EVERY SONG?
DOES HE EVEN WRITE HIS OWN
SONGS?
WRITE HIS OWN SONGS. WRITE HIS
OWN SONGS?
I PROMISE YOU. THIS IS NEVER
GOING TO WORK.
THIS IS NEVER GOING TO LAST.
EVEN IF HE HAD A COSIGNER.
EVEN IF LIL' WAYNE COSIGNED. IT
DOESN'T EVEN MATTER.
OKAY. BEST I EVER HAD WAS A CUTE
ONE. BUT HE NEEDS ANOTHER ONE.
NO. ANOTHER ONE.
NO [ BLEEP ] THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
OKAY
HE DID IT. BUT CAN HE DO IT
AGAIN?
NO. AGAIN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
YOU KNOW WHAT?
HE'S JUST A LUCKY GUY.
>> ARE WE SURE IT'S LUCK
NINE NUMBER ONE ALBUMS
SIX NUMBER ONE SONGS
A RECORD 232 SONGS ON THE
BILLBOARD CHARTS
45 TOP TEN COMPOSITIONS. THE
MOST OF ANY ARTIST EVER.
ARE WE SURE IT'S LUCK?
THE FIRST ARTIST TO DEBUT AT
NUMBER ONE. TWO AND THREE
SIMULTANEOUSLY
MORE WEEKS ON THE HOT 100 THAN
ELVIS PRESLEY. ELTON JOHN.
STEVIE WONDER. MICHAEL JACKSON
MOST STREAMED ARTIST OF ALL
TIME
13 BILLBOARD AWARDS. THE MOST
EVER IN ONE NIGHT.
27 TOTAL BILLBOARD AWARDS. THE
MOST WINS IN MUSIC HISTORY
A RECORD 431 WEEKS ON HOT 100.
LUCK IS DEFINED AS SUCCESSOR
FAILURE APPARENTLY BROUGHT BY
CHANCE RATHER THAN THROUGH ONE'S
OWN ACTIONS.
A SPARK OF CHANCE.
PURPOSEFUL CHOICES
SELFLESS GESTURES.
RELENTLESS HOURS AND A WHOLE LOT
OF GOOD.
IT'S CLINICAL.
SURGICAL
MILITANT
EVEN WHEN THEY DON'T WANT TO
COMPETE ANY MORE. YOU FIND
SOMEONE TO CHALLENGE EVERY
SINGLE TIME.
EVEN IF THAT SOMEONE IS
YOURSELF
IT'S NOT LUCK. MY GOOD FRIEND.
IT'S CERTAIN DESTINY
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. IT IS
OUR HONOR TO PRESENT THE ARTIST
OF THE DECADE TO THE LEADER OF
OUR FAMILY. DRAKE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> HEY
♪♪
>> CAN YOU HOLD IT
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THANK YOU VERY. VERY. VERY
MUCH
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THAT VIDEO WAS. THAT VIDEO WAS
REALLY FULL OF A LOT OF
CONFIDENCE AND BRAVADO. BUT YOU
KNOW. THE TRUTH IS I'M REALLY
BAD AT TAKING COMPLIMENTS. YOU
KNOW
I'M -- THANK YOU
I'LL TAKE THAT ONE. THOUGH
THANK YOU.
YEAH. NO. I'M REALLY
SELF-CONSCIOUS ABOUT MY MUSIC.
EVEN IF I DO A GOOD JOB. I
ALWAYS WONDER HOW I COULD HAVE
DONE IT BETTER
I RARELY CELEBRATE ANYTHING.
AND JUST FOR ANYONE WATCHING
THIS THAT'S WONDERING HOW THIS
HAPPENED. YOU KNOW. THAT'S
REALLY THE ANSWER.
IT'S BEING SO UNSURE HOW YOU'RE
GETTING IT DONE THAT YOU JUST.
YOU JUST KIND OF KEEP GOING IN
THE HOPES OF FIGURING OUT THE
FORMULA. JUST FEELING SO LUCKY
AND BLESSED THAT THE FEAR OF
LOSING IT KEEPS YOU UP AT NIGHT.
I DIDN'T REALLY WRITE A
GRANDIOSE SPEECH ABOUT HOW TO
MAKE IT WORK OR WHAT IT TOOK
BECAUSE. YOU KNOW. TO BE REALLY
HONEST WITH YOU. I DON'T. I
DON'T QUITE UNDERSTAND IT
MYSELF
BUT I JUST KNOW --
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I JUST KNOW THAT. I KNOW I'VE
SPENT AN IN CALCULABLE AMOUNT OF
HOURS TRYING TO ANALYZE ALL THE
THINGS I DID WRONG ARE. BUT
TONIGHT FOR ONCE. I'M SURE AS
HELL WE DID SOMETHING RIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I WANT TO DEDICATE THIS AWARD TO
MY FRIENDS
MY LONG-TIME COLLABORATORS
I WANT TO DEDICATE THIS AWARD TO
ALL MY PEERS. ALL OF YOUR
DECISIONS AND THE MUSIC YOU MAKE
REALLY DOES HAVE ME TOSSING AND
TURNING AT NIGHT TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT I SHOULD DO
NEXT
SO THANK YOU
TO MY BEAUTIFUL FAMILY -- HEY.
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT
AND TO YOU
I WANT TO DEDICATE IT TO --
[ LAUGHTER ]
♪♪
>> Reporter: KEEP WATCHING AS WE
HAVE PERFORMANCES FROM DURAN
DURAN. AND THE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WE'RE BACK AT THE
2021 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS.
OUR NEXT ARTIST IS ALWAYS
PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES OF MUSIC
TO NEW LIMITS AND BREAKING
RECORDS ALONG THE WAY.
HIS LATEST ALBUM.
"EL ULTIMO TOUR DEL MUNDO." IS
THE FIRST EVER ALL-SPANISH ALBUM
TO TAKE THE NUMBER ONE SPOT ON
THE BILLBOARD 200 ALBUMS CHART
PLEASE WELCOME. BAD BUNNY.
♪♪
[ SINGING IN SPANISH ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> WHAT A GREAT PERFORMANCE AND
CONGRATULATIONS TO BAD BUNNY FOR
WINNING TOP ARTIST. INCREDIBLE
THIS NEXT PRESENTER HAD A HABIT
OF POKING FUN AT ME AND MY
BROTHERS WITH HER SHOW YEARS
AGO.
HONESTLY. WHO WOULDN'T MAKE FUN
OF US. RIGHT
I WOULD MAKE FUN OF US
PLEASE WELCOME CHELSEA HANDLER
>> AC/DC. A J R.
FIVE FINGER DEATH PUNCH.
MACHINE GUN KELLY.
TWENTY ONE PILOTS -- THESE ARE
ALL THE DIFFERENT STRAINS OF
MARIJUANA I SMOKED BEFORE THE
SHOW STARTED
THEY'RE ALSO THE FINALISTS FOR
OUR NEXT AWARD. TOP ROCK ARTIST.
>> Announcer: AC/DC.
♪♪
A J R.
FIVE FINGER DEATH PUNCH.
♪♪
MACHINE GUN KELLY.
TWENTY ONE PILOTS.
♪♪
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
MACHINE GUN KELLY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>> I RELEASED MY FIRST MIX TAPE
15 YEARS AGO AND THIS IS THE
FIRST BIG STAGE I'VE EVER BEEN
INVITED TO ACCEPT AN AWARD ON.
SO --
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I JUST WANT TO SAY. I WANT TO
SAY SOMETHING TO THE DREAMERS
OUT THERE WHO ARE GOING TO BE
TESTED BY REALITY THE WAY I WAS.
SUSPEND LOGIC AND INVITE MAGIC
AT FIVE YEARS. TEN YEARS. 12
YEARS WOULD HAVE BEEN TOO LONG
WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT. I
WOULDN'T BE HAVING THIS MOMENT
JUST SHOW THE UNIVERSE IT CAN'T
TAKE YOUR DREAM FROM YOU
IT'S FAMILY AND FANS THAT HELD
ME DOWN.
I LOVE YOU
MY BROTHERS. MANAGEMENT. BAND.
THOSE WHO MADE THE ALBUM WITH
ME
TO MY DAUGHTER WHO IS MY LIGHT.
MY TWIN WHO SHOWS ME LOVE. MY
FATHER WHO GAVE ME MY FIRST
GUITAR WHO IS LOOKING DOWN
PROUD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
AND TO THE BOX THAT SOCIETY
KEEPS TRYING TO PUT ME IN.
YOU NEED STRONGER MATERIAL
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T KEEP ME IN IT.
I LOVE Y'ALL
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
>> Announcer: UP NEXT.
GLASS ANIMALS HERE AT
MICROSOFT THEATER.
THEN LATER. THE WEEKND.
DURAN DURAN. JONAS BROTHERS AND
THE BILLBOARD TOP ARTIST AWARD
HERE ON NBC.
>> Announcer: THE NEXT ARTIST IS
THE 2021 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS.
AND NOW. FROM "WANDAVISION" ON
DISNEY PLUS. PLEASE WELCOME
KATHRYN HAHN
>> THE NEXT ARTISTS MET IN GRADE
SCHOOL IN THE U.K. WHEN THEY
WERE 13 YEARS OLD.
TONIGHT THEY MAKE THEIR DEBUT
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
PERFORMANCE WITH THEIR HIT
SINGLE "HEAT WAVE.
PLEASE WELCOME ONE OF MY LEGIT
FAVORITES. GLASS ANIMALS
♪♪
♪ SOMETIMES ALL I THINK
ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ USUALLY I PUT
SOMETHING ON T
SO WE NEVER THIN
ABOUT YOU AND ME ♪
♪ BUT TODAY I SEE
OUR REFLECTION
CLEARLY IN HOLLYWOOD
LAYING ON THE SCREEN ♪
♪ YOU JUST NEED
A BETTER LIFE THAN THI
YOU NEED SOMETHING
I CAN NEVER GIVE ♪
♪ FAKE WATER ALL ACROSS
THE ROAD
IT'S GONE NO
THE NIGHT HAS COME BUT ♪
♪ SOMETIMES
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T FIGHT I
YOU CAN'T BREATH
YOU SAY SOMETHIN
SO LOVING BUT ♪
♪ NOW I'VE GOT TO
LET YOU GO
YOU'LL BE BETTER OFF
IN SOMEONE NEW ♪
♪ I DON'T WANNA BE ALON
YOU KNOW IT HURTS ME TOO
YOU LOOK SO BROKEN
WHEN YOU CRY ♪
♪ ONE MORE AND THEN
I'LL SAY GOODBYE
SOMETIME
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS I
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE
HEAT WAVES BEE
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YO
HAPPIER NO
SOMETIME
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS I
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE
HEAT WAVES BEE
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YO
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪♪
♪ I JUST WONDER WHA
YOU'RE DREAMING OF
WHEN YOU SLEEP
AND SMILE SO COMFORTABLE ♪
♪ I JUST WISH THA
I COULD GIVE YOU THA
THAT LOOK THAT'S
PERFECTLY UNSAD ♪
♪ SOMETIMES
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
HEAT WAVES BEE
FAKING ME OUT ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪ SOMETIMES
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
SOMETIME
ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU
LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OU
CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMME
WIGGLING THE VISIO
HEAT HEAT WAVE
I'M SWIMMING IN A MIRROR ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMME
WIGGLING THE VISIO
HEAT HEAT WAVE
I'M SWIMMING IN A ♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> ANOTHER GREAT PERFORMANCE AT
THE BILLBOARD AWARDS
NOW LET'S GO TO DOWNTOWN L.A.
AND WELCOME. FROM THE UPCOMING
FILM "SNAKE EYES." HENRY
GOLDING.
>> I LOVE WATCHING THIS NEXT
ARTIST PERFORM
FROM HIS BRILLIANT MUSIC VIDEOS.
TO HIS EXPLOSIVE SUPER BOWL
HALFTIME SHOW.
HE NEVER DISAPPOINTS
AND TONIGHT. HE HAS 16 BILLBOARD
NOMINATIONS.
WITH "SAVE YOUR TEARS." HERE IS
THE WEEKND
♪♪
♪ SAW YOU IN A CROWDED ROOM. YO
LOOKED SO HAPPY BUT I KNOW IT'S
YOU ♪
♪ ♪
♪ A SINGLE TEAR DROP FALLING
FROM YOUR EYE ♪
♪
♪ I MADE YOU CRY ♪
♪ I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ YOU COULD HAVE ASKED ME WHY I
BROKE YOUR HEART ♪
♪ YOU COULD HAVE TOLD ME THAT
YOU FELL APART ♪
♪ YOU LOOKED LIKE I WASN'T THER
AND ACTED LIKE YOU DIDN'T CARE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ OOH GIRL ♪
♪ I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ YOU'LL TAKE ME BACK BECAUSE I
WANT TO STAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
♪ YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
♪ HEY ♪
♪ I THINK YOU THINK THAT I WOUL
ALWAYS STAY ♪
♪ I SAID SOME THINGS THAT I
SHOULD NEVER SAY ♪
♪ I BROKE YOUR HEART LIKE
SOMEONE DID YOU WRONG ♪
♪ NOW YOU WON'T LET ME FOR A
SECOND TIME ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ OOH BABE ♪
♪ I MADE YOU CRY ♪
♪ YOU RUN AWAY ♪
♪ YOU'LL TAKE ME BACK 'CAUSE I
WANT TO STAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER -
HEY ♪
♪ FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ A BETTER DAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
♪ OOH BABY ♪
♪ I SAID. SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR
ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ HEY ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ I MAKE YOU CRY WHEN I RUN
AWAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
♪ OOH OH. OH. ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
♪ YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER -- ♪
♪ O-O-O ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS FOR ANOTHER
DAY ♪
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> KEEP WATCHING
WE'VE GOT MORE AWARDS COMING UP
AND PERFORMANCES BY DURAN DURAN
AND JONAS BROTHERS JOINED BY
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
AWARD WINNING SINGER.
SONGWRITER. CYNTHIA ERIVO.
>> I STREAMED. DOWNLOADED. AND
PLAYED THESE RECORDS OVER AND
OVER
TWO OF THE MEN WE LOST TOO SOON.
BUT WE'LL CELEBRATE THEM FOREVER
MORE
ALL FIVE CREATED ALBUMS WE
COULDN'T GET ENOUGH OF
HERE ARE THE FINALISTS FOR THE
TOP BILLBOARD 200 ALBUM.
>> Announcer: JUICE WRLD.
♪♪
"LEGENDS NEVER DIE."
LIL BABY. "MY TURN."
POP SMOKE. "SHOOT FOR THE STARS.
AIM FOR THE MOON."
TAYLOR SWIFT. "FOLKLORE.
THE WEEKND. "AFTER HOURS."
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
"SHOOT FOR THE STARS. AIM FOR
THE MOON."
ACCEPTING THE AWARD ON BEHALF OF
POP SMOKE IS HIS MOTHER AUDREY
JACKSON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> GOOD EVENING.
TO MY AMERICAN FAMILY. GOOD
NIGHT TO MY CARIBBEANS
I BRING YOU GREETINGS FROM THE
LAND OF CANARSIE ALSO KNOWN AS
THE FOSSIE
[ APPLAUSE ]
I THANK YOU TO THE FANS FOR
HONORING THE LIFE AND SPIRIT OF
MY SON. SO MUCH THAT HE
CONTINUES TO MANIFEST AS IF HE
WERE STILL HERE IN FLESH
[ APPLAUSE ]
HE CREATED MUSIC FOR THE KID WHO
HAS TO SLEEP FOUR IN A ROOM. THE
KID WHO HAS TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO
GET TO SCHOOL EACH DAY SO HE CAN
GRADUATE AND MAKE HIS MOM PROUD.
HE DID THIS SO THAT 14-YEAR-OLDS
WOULD NOT HAVE TO KILL TO PROVE
THEY ARE SOMEBODY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THAT IS THE IRONY IN THIS.
SO THANK YOU TO THE BILLBOARD
AWARDS LEADERSHIP FOR HONORING
MY YOUNG WARRIOR
BASHIR BARACK JACKSON. WE CALL
YOUR NAME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
PRIYANKA CHOPRA JONAS.
>> DURAN DURAN MADE ITS
BILLBOARD
CHART DEBUT IN 1981.
REVOLUTIONIZING MUSIC VIDEOS AND
MUSIC ITSELF. BENDING GENRES
INTO A DYNAMIC NEW SOUND
SINCE THEN. THEY HAVE EARNED AN
IMPRESSIVE 21 HITS ON THE
BILLBOARD HOT 100.
TONIGHT WE CELEBRATE THEIR
ICONIC CAREER. AND THE
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THEIR
FORTHCOMING ALBUM "FUTURE PAST."
OUT ON OCTOBER 22ND.
NOW. LET'S HEAD OVER TO LONDON
TO THE HISTORIC
HAMMERSMITH APOLLO WHERE
DURAN DURAN RECORDED LIVE AT
THE HAMMERSMITH IN 1982.
WITH A SPECIAL
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS
PERFORMANCE OF "HUNGRY LIKE THE
WOLF." "NOTORIOUS." AND THEIR
NEW SINGLE INVISIBLE." HERE IS
DURAN DURAN.
♪♪
♪ NOTORIOUS ♪
♪ I CAN'T BREATHE ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'LL DO FINE WITHOUT IT ♪
♪ HERE'S ONE YOU DON'T
COMPROMISE ♪
♪ NIGHT COME HARD IN THE SKIES ♪
♪
♪♪
♪ NO-NO-NOTORIOUS ♪
♪ NOTORIOUS ♪
♪ NO-NO-KNOWNOTORIOUS ♪
♪
♪♪
♪ WALKING BY THE WALL ♪
♪ THE SHADOWS DO NOT FALL ♪
♪ YOU SILENTLY IGNORE ♪
♪ DISCOURAGED BY THE NOISE ♪
♪ LIVING WITHOUT ♪
♪ IT'S A LIFE WITHOUT A VOICE ♪
♪ WHEN YOU CAN'T EVEN SAY MY
NAME ♪
♪ 'CAUSE THE MEMORY'S GONE ♪
♪ NOW YOU'RE FEELING NUMB ♪
♪ I KNOW MY NAME ♪
♪ I CAN'T PLAY THIS GAME. SO I
ASK AGAIN ♪
♪ WILL YOU SAY MY NAME ♪
♪ 'CAUSE THE MEMORY'S GONE ♪
♪ ARE YOU FEELING NUMB ♪
♪ OR HAVE I BECOME INVISIBLE ♪
♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: WHO WILL WIN THE
AWARD FOR TOP ARTIST
WILL IT BE DRAKE. JUICE WRLD.
POP SMOKE. TAYLOR SWIFT OR
THE WEEKND?
FIND OUT WHEN WE COME BACK
PLUS. KEEP WATCHING FOR A
SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY
JONAS BROTHERS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>>> WELCOME BACK
FROM THE UPCOMING SERIES
"CENTRAL PARK" ON APPLE TV. HERE
IS AN EMMY NOMINEE. A MULTIPLE
OSCAR NOMINEE AND TONY AWARD
WINNING ACTOR. LESLIE ODOM JR.
>> EVERY AWARD SHOW IS
DIFFERENT.
BUT THE ONE THING ALMOST ALL OF
THEM HAVE IN COMMON IS THAT THE
FINAL PRESENTATION OF THE NIGHT
IS FOR THE BIGGEST. AND THE MOST
PRESTIGIOUS AWARD.
FOR THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS.
THAT'S FOR TOP ARTIST.
TWO OF THESE FINALISTS HAVE WON
THIS IN PAST YEARS -- FOR THE
OTHERS. IT WOULD BE THE FIRST
TIME THEY ARE RECOGNIZED FOR
TREMENDOUS ACCOMPLISHMENT.
EITHER WAY. IT IS AN HONOR THAT
MEANS SO MUCH IN THE MUSIC
WORLD.
HERE ARE THIS YEAR'S FINALISTS
FOR TOP ARTIST
>> Announcer: DRAKE.
♪♪
JUICE WRLD
POP SMOKE.
♪♪
TAYLOR SWIFT
THE WEEKND
>> AND THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD
GOES TO --
THE WEEKND
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> WHAT A NIGHT IT'S BEEN.
I'M GOING TO TAKE IT THIS TIME
SORRY ABOUT THAT
I WANT TO TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY
TO THANK MY PARENTS.
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
I AM THE MAN I AM TODAY BECAUSE
OF YOU. SO THANK YOU. AND THANK
YOU TO MY FANS. OF COURSE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I DO NOT TAKE THIS FOR GRANTED
THANK YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer: AND NOW PLEASE
WELCOME COUNTRY SUPERSTAR KELSEA
BALLERINI.
>> WHAT AN INCREDIBLE NIGHT. YOU
GUYS
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WEEKND
AND ALL THE NOMINEES TONIGHT
NOW. ARE YOU READY FOR ONE MORE
PERFORMANCE TO CLOSE OUT THE
SHOW
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
I KNOW I AM BECAUSE I'M A HUGE
FAN.
I'M ALSO PUMPED TO SEE THESE
BROTHERS ON THE STAGE.
KIND OF A PREVIEW FOR ME BECAUSE
I'M GOING ON TOUR WITH THIS THIS
SUMMER
FOR MARSHMELLO. KEVIN AND NICK.
GIVE IT UP FOR THE JONAS
BROTHERS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪ I SEE YOU CALLIN'
I DIDN'T WANNA
LEAVE YOU LIKE THA
IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING ♪
♪ YEAH YEAH
A HUNDRED ON THE DAS
CAUSE MY WHEELS ARE ROLLIN
AND TAKIN' MY FOOT ♪
♪ OFF THE GAS
AND IT ONLY TOOK
THE ONE NIGH
TO SEE THE END OF THE LINE ♪
♪ STARIN' DEEP IN YOUR EYES
EYES
DANCIN' ON THE EDG
BOUT TO TAKE IT TOO FAR ♪
♪ IT'S MESSIN' WITH MY HEAD
I WON'T MESS WITH YOUR HEART
IF YOU WAKE UP IN YOUR BED
ALONE IN THE DARK ♪
♪ I'M SORRY
GOTTA LEAVE BEFORE
YOU LOVE M
LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE ME ♪
♪ LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE M
LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE ME
IT'S SO GOOD TO KNOW IT ♪
♪ IF WE'RE TO LEAVE
THE PARTY BEHIND
DON'T CARE IF THEY NOTIC
YEAH YEAH NO ♪
♪ I'LL JUST CATCH YOUR EY
I'D RATHER BE LONELY YEA
THAN WRAPPED AROUN
YOUR BODY TOO TIGHT ♪
♪ YEAH I'M THE TYPE
TO GET NAKED
WON'T GIVE MY HEAR
A FULL BREAK IN ♪
♪ CAUSE I'M TOO GONE TO BE
STAYIN
DANCIN' ON THE EDG
BOUT TO TAKE IT TOO FAR ♪
♪ IT'S MESSIN' WITH MY HEAD
I WON'T MESS WITH YOUR HEART
IF YOU WAKE UP IN YOUR BED
ALONE IN THE DARK ♪
♪ I'M SORRY
GOTTA LEAVE BEFORE
YOU LOVE M
LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE ME ♪
♪ LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE M
LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE ME
LEAVE BEFORE YOU LOVE ME ♪
♪♪
>> MAKE SOME NOISE FOR
MARSHMELLO
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
♪ I'M A SUCKER FOR YOU YEAH
YOU SAY THE WORD
AND I'LL GO ANYWHERE BLINDLY
I'M A SUCKER FOR YOU ♪
♪ YEA
ANY ROAD YOU TAK
YOU KNOW THAT YOU'LL FIND ME
I'M A SUCKER FOR ALL ♪
♪ THE SUBLIMINAL THINGS
NO ONE KNOWS ABOUT YOU
ABOUT YO
ABOUT YOU ABOUT YOU ♪
♪ AND YOU'RE MAKIN'
THE TYPICAL ME
BREAK MY TYPICAL RULES
IT'S TRUE ♪
♪ I'M A SUCKER FOR YOU ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> BILL BOARD MUSIC AWARDS
LET'S TURN THIS UP A NOTCH
COME ON!
♪♪
♪ WE GON' DANCE
IN MY LIVING ROO
SLAVE TO THE WAY YOU MOV
HURTS WHEN I'M LEAVING YOU ♪
♪ JUST DANCE IN
THE LIVING ROO
LOVE WITH AN ATTITUD
DRUNK ♪
♪ IT'S ONLY HUMAN
YOU KNOW THAT IT'S REA
KNOW THAT IT'S REA
SO WHY WOULD YOU FIGHT ♪
♪ OR TRY TO DEN
THE WAY THAT YOU FEE
OH BABE ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T FOOL ME
YOUR BODY'S GO
OTHER PLANS SO
STOP PRETENDING YOU'RE SHY ♪
♪ JUST COME ON AN
DANCE DANCE DANC
DANCE OH
♪♪
ONLY HUMAN MAN MAN ♪
♪ ONLY HUMAN ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
♪♪
♪ WE SHOULD PRAY FO
A MOMENT JUST LIKE THI
THERE'S A FIRE IN YOUR EYE
I CAN'T RESIST ♪
♪ BABY WE'RE GONN
WANNA REMEMBER THI
BABY WE'RE GONNA
WANNA REMEMBER THIS ♪
♪ I CAN TASTE THE FOREVER
ON YOUR LIPS
THERE'S A LIFETIME LIVIN
INSIDE THAT KISS ♪
♪ BABY WE'RE GONN
WANNA REMEMBER THI
BABY WE'RE GONNA
WANNA REMEMBER THIS ♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> THANK YOU ALL FOR A GREAT
NIGHT.
IT'S BEEN AN HONOR HOSTING THIS
SHOW
WE'LL SEE YOU ON TOUR THIS
SUMMER
♪♪
♪ SO WHAT A MAN GOTTA D
WHAT A MAN GOTTA D
TO BE TOTALLY LOCKED U
BY YOU ♪
♪ WHAT A MAN GOTTA SA
WHAT A MAN GOTTA PRA
TO BE YOUR LAST "GOODNIGHT
AND YOUR FIRST "GOOD DAY" ♪
♪ SO WHAT A MAN GOTTA D
WHAT A MAN GOTTA D
OH ♪
♪ TO BE TOTALLY
LOCKED UP BY YOU
TOTALLY LOCKED UP BY YOU
WHAT A MAN GOTTA DO ♪
♪ HEY BAB
WHAT A MAN GOTTA PROVE
TO BE TOTALLY ♪
♪ LOCKED UP BY YO
TOTALLY LOCKED U
BY YOU ♪
♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
>> Announcer:
BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS FINALISTS
AND WINNERS ARE BASED ON KEY FAN
INTERACTIONS WITH MUSIC.
INCLUDING AUDIO AND VIDEO
STREAMING. ALBUM AND SONG SALES.
RADIO AIRPLAY. AND SOCIAL
ENGAGEMENT
THESE MEASUREMENTS ARE TRACKED
BY BILLBOARD. MRC DATA AND
NEXT BIG SOUND
THE AWARDS ARE BASED ON THE
BILLBOARD CHARTS DATED MARCH 21.
2020 THROUGH APRIL 3. 2021
FAN VOTING FOR TOP SOCIAL ARTIST
AND TOP COLLABORATION AWARDS ARE
ADMINISTERED. MONITORED. AND
VERIFIED BY TELESCOPE INC. -- AN
INDEPENDENT VOTE MANAGEMENT
COMPANY AND THE RESULTS REMAIN
CONFIDENTIAL UNTIL THE TIME OF
PRESENTATION
IN THE EVENT OF TECHNICAL
INTERFERENCE OR DIFFICULTIES.
THE PRODUCERS AND NBC RESERVE
THE RIGHT TO REVIEW THE VOTED
AWARDS FOR ACCURACY AND TO TAKE
ANY APPROPRIATE ACTION
"THE VOICE" LIVE FINALE BEGINS